at the start of i am legend movie we see
an interview of dr ed on tv this lady
doctor was telling the public that we
have found cancer treatment when
interviewer asks how many patients you
have treated so far
then the doctor named elias replies
about ten thousands people and all of
them were recovered which means their
treatment works one hundred percent
the interview is finished and the story
is shown after three years here we see
an american city named manhattan which
was completely deserted
many of the cars were parked there but
nobody was present there buildings were
emptied there and no human was seen at
the same time we see a red-colored
coring which was coming in real speed
will smith who is the main hero of the
movie was there in car along with his
dog
we see that they were hunting deer in
while driving speedily
deer was running speedily and they were
following him
after a lot of struggle when they were
about to hunt the deer a lioness appears
and she snatches the tear and hunts it
if will smith had wanted he would have
killed lioness and could hunt the deer
but he ignores it as evening prevails
and his arm watch alarms the purpose of
alarm was that he had to reach home and
ignore everything and should reach the
home definitely will smith had to reach
home because as no humans were present
in the city but many of the mutants were
present in the city in this film mutants
were named as dark seekers these dark
seekers only appear at night as they
can't bear light at the day
that's why will smith alarm rings and he
goes back to me he has reached back home
where he and his dog take meal together
and they sealed the home completely all
the doors were locked and all the lights
were kept off so that dark seekers may
not know the presence of anybody will
smith loves his dog very much
they were sleeping in the same bathing
tub
and many dark seekers were talking
outside
now the movie goes to flashback
in the flashback of the story we see
will smith with his family and he takes
her daughter and wife to the airport
will smith tells her wife to arrange
meal of at least two weeks
and take out money from the atm and keep
it with yourself
he also tells his wife that army would
seal this area in an hour her wife gets
much worried and asks whether this virus
is spreading through air will smith had
known nothing about
but he replies yes maybe it's true
and they reached to airport and see many
people were present over there because
everyone had to save their life by
moving towards the safe place outside
the city but airport security allows
only those people who are not affected
so that this disease may not spread to
other cities here we see that security
people were using unique kind of
machinery which can tell whether this
person is infected or not will smith's
child gets cleared from the machine but
his wife was badly infected
so the security stops will smith's wife
for going from there now as will smith
was senior officer he asks for wife to
let her go and orders check his wife
again the machine clears her wife for
the second time
means the machine tells that she has no
virus
now she can travel to other city as will
smith was a senior officer so a
helicopter was arranged for his family
when the helicopter flies another
helicopter from the opposite side was
attacked by the dark seekers
and the other helicopter strikes the
helicopter of will smith's family after
being unbalanced and both the
helicopters crash at the moment
all passengers inside the helicopters
die
in which his wife and son were included
now we see will smith was present in the
lab making medicine for infected people
he was running different experiments
this lab also had many infected rats
inside
so that to check and test the medicine
will smith was making
whether it works or not
during experiment he also analyzed
whether the rats given treatment
previously occurred or not but during
experiment it was concluded that rats
were not healing in fact very aggressive
and the medicine was not working on them
during this problem will seize rat
who was sitting calmly and never
aggressive as other rats
will smith considers her medicine to be
working on that rat because it didn't
show any reaction he decides that this
is the right time to run the experiment
on humans
so that people could be saved from the
infection
those who have changed to dark seekers
may be brought back to humans the story
is returned to its original
where he is alone in manhattan
one thing he does regularly is that he
goes outside and sends signals from fm
radio
that if any human is listening to him
and wants help
then in present i can provide meal and
shelter he hopes that someone would
listen to him and contact him he
believes that im not alone here someone
else could be present here who could
listen to me and i would meet him or he
should he also announces his
availability on a bridge at 12pm
and i will meet you there every day now
will smith sees another deer for hunting
he and his dog approaches near a room
while following the dog
there was much dark in there will smith
doesn't want go there but his dog enters
the darkened room
as will smith likes his dog very much
so he enters the darkened room for his
dog his gun had a light which was
helping him finding his dog here he
finds his dog and asks him to go along
with him to home but his dog was too
much scared and will smith hears some
voices from the room when he looks
around he sees dark seeker means those
mutants
before he attacks him will smith sieves
him with bullets
he takes his dog and tries to run while
other dark seekers listen him and follow
him will smith is running to save his
life that a dark seeker appears
that he breaks out the window and jumps
to be saved from his attack
now as the window breaks the dark seeker
dies of light who was following him as
we have told before that dark seekers
can't face light so they don't appear in
light
because they die as the light appears
good news for will smith was that he
knew dark seekers were present there he
thinks of capturing one dark seeker
which would help him testing against
them
so that i may develop a medicine as
early as possible and could heal them
now will smith makes a trap so as to
capture the dark seekers he asks his dog
to remain in the car as he could be
infected
here will smith doesn't talk about
himself as he was taking doses on daily
basis
so that he could be saved from infection
after a while he comes to know that a
dark seeker was trapped in a trap
now the dark seeker was under control of
will smith but we see that a mutant
appears from that darkened room window
he shouts out loudly like he wanted to
take revenge from him
now will smith takes that mutant to his
lab and runs the same medicine on him
which he used for that rat the same rat
he thought was healing he sees that dark
seeker's breathing was getting low his
heart rate starts to decrease and he
thinks as if he is healing
that mutant wakes up then he starts
shouting and becomes unconscious
will smith becomes hopeless that
treatment didn't work completely
here will smith makes video recording
and says the medicine i have developed
can work for me but cannot work for
those who are already affected and am
trying again and again so as to recover
those dark seekers he also adds that
when i was capturing the dark seeker one
of them was staring at me
while staring he came into light which
couldn't affect him it may be happening
because they are starving and changing
their lifestyle
slowly slowly they are making themselves
habitual of sunlight he was recording
all this in video conference
while living in an american city about
thousand days have been passed
one day he was out with his dog that his
feet get stuck in the trap he becomes
upside down in the air this trap was
made by the dark seekers because duck
seeker have ability to think and
understand
now will smith was hanging in air and
becomes unconscious there this trap was
made in the same way like will smith
made the other day
now the dark seekers have copied the
same and trapped will smith
after sometimes his alarm rings which
means evening is about to prevail and
his dog barks again and again so that he
could freed himself and can go home
because this time belongs to the dark
seekers and they will not spare him if
they reach
he wakes up and takes out the knife from
his pocket and cuts the rope but while
coming down that rope penetrates into
his feet
will smith approaches towards his car
with the dog and same dark seeker
appears
which appeared in light
that dark seeker also had two infected
dogs he orders his dogs to attack them
both
the will smith kills both the dogs but
one dog bites his own dog
he takes his dog back to home and runs
different experiments what don't work on
him
he cries a lot and kills his dog by
moving his neck
because now his dog had died and he was
alone as there was no other in the city
this was the most sad part of the story
will smith is sad now
so he doesn't come out at the daytime
rather he goes out at night time
so that he may kill all the dark seekers
and crush them he was going in his
speedy car and crashes all the dark
seeker which appear and proceed further
he stucks at one point his car stops and
he experiences an accident
now will smith is injured and the same
dark seeker which came out in light
appears
so as to kill him
basically this dark seeker is the boss
of every dark seeker before he caused
any damage to him an intense light
appears and all the dark seekers run
away and hide in the darkness
as he had an accident so he was
unconscious
he hears off the voice
where do you live
he tells his address unconsciously
when he wakes up he finds his tea dodge
v was on and a woman was there along
with his son
he gets surprised first then becomes
happy
she tells we heard your message on fm
we have come here after knowing your
location
she says that we kept waiting on the
bridge you told us but you didn't come
today and we saw you were captured
between mutants so we came to save you
she also tells will smith that all of
our companions were killed by the dark
seekers
and now we both want to go at the place
where there must be more humans
that would be the safe location with no
virus and security would be good will
smith says you must come out of you
misunderstandings
there is no such place
she says such place does exist
now will smith was locking the house as
he does anna and her son were also
present there he hears of dark seekers
as he was locking the home
they were near his house
he becomes suspicious and asks when did
you bring me
she tells him morning shall appear soon
will smith tells him that they must have
seen me while you were bringing me and
now they will kill us
they have found us
will smith was ready for this
and he had put different minds outside
his home so blast could happen as
someone enter
so that nobody could enter the home in
that moment many seekers start to die as
they put their step in but they were
huge in numbers and they enter his home
shortly will smith shoots them with his
gun
they think as if they have killed all
the mutants and now there is no one left
they come to the same dark seeker which
was present in the lab who was much
recovered and all the infection was gone
they thought that their treatment is
working
and then many dark seekers appear in his
lab his lab was very big and a
bulletproof mirror was present over
there will smith closes that window
which was strong enough to stop any type
of bullet
which means dark seekers could not enter
the place where will was present all the
dark seekers tried to break that window
but they were unsuccessful
he tells them that look at your partner
who is getting well
i can treat you as well the boss of the
dark seekers who was much angry bumps
his head the window and we see different
cracks start to appear and it start
breaking slowly before window breaks
will smith takes his blood sample on
which he was operating he takes his
blood sample because he knows he has
found the cure he asks women to sit in a
safe chamber and hands over the sample
to her and says when you reach that
place give that sample to them as this
was the cure
she asks will smith to come inside but
he says no as they were unstoppable i
will have to finish them he opens up a
draw he picks up a hand grenade and
opens it up by going in between them
while running here a big blast happens
after which will smith and all dark
seekers die
this was a sad moment for all of us
then we see anna reaches to the place
where she wanted to be
the same place where leftover humans
were present
and there was high security so that no
dark seeker could come there she gets
the security here and hands over the
blood sample to the security there this
was the same cure which will smith gave
to anna and will smith sacrificed his
life and saved the whole humanity
and that's why this movie was named i am
legend indeed will smith is legend
[Music]
subscribe to movies inspired for more
videos and click the bell icon to
encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting
[Music]